[Hotfix] Braze MCP server (#10315)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/mcp_server/setup.md

## Setting up the Braze MCP server

### Step 1: Install `uv`

First, install `uv`&#8212;a [command-line tool by Astral](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) for dependency management and Python package handling.

{% tabs local %}
{% tab MacOS and Linux %}
Open your terminal application, paste the following command, then press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

```bash
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
```

The output will be similar to the following:

```bash
$ curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh

downloading uv 0.8.9 aarch64-apple-darwin
no checksums to verify
installing to /Users/Isaiah.Robinson/.local/bin
  uv
  uvx
everything's installed!
```
{% endtab %}

{% tab Windows %}
 Open Windows PowerShell, paste the following command, then press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

```powershell
irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex
```

The output will be similar to the following:

```powershell
PS C:\Users\YourUser> irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex

Downloading uv 0.8.9 (x86_64-pc-windows-msvc)
no checksums to verify
installing to C:\Users\YourUser\.local\bin
  uv.exe
  uvx.exe
everything's installed!
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

> ### Step 2: Create an API key {#create-api-key}

Author: how so for step 2? @johndinh

> ### Step 2: Create an API key {#create-api-key}

Reviewer: I think you can disregard.  I was reading it and got confused with generating an API key in step 2 and 3 seemed like I needed to get an API key again

Do not reuse an existing API key&#8212;create one specifically for your MCP client. Additionally, only assign read-only, non-PII permissions, as agents may try to write or delete data in Braze.
{% endalert %}

> ### Step 3: Get your key ID and endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Get your identifer and endpoint
```

> To configure your MCP client, you'll need your key's identifier and your workspace's REST endpoint. In the dashboard, go back to the **API Keys** page. Keep this page open&#8212;you'll reference it in [the next step](#configure-client).

Author: ```suggestion
When you configure your MCP client, you'll need your API key's identifier and your workspace's REST endpoint. To get this information, go back to the **API Keys** page in the dashboard&#8212;keep this page open, as you'll need it in [the next step](#configure-client).
```
